If we see the
suit If we see the suit you see the
suit you see the
suit I've just been told some gossip that I
couldn't wait until tonight to
tell it Maybe tonight I'll
get more information I could ask
the protagonists but the
protagonists were going to tell me whatever they wanted so
I comment on what I
have and based on what I have and what I
can tell you and if not I wouldn't get wet
man let's see the source that tells me this
every time they tell me information through
these channels it comes true and it's true Well
let's analyze a little bit of everything we
have We were already commenting on this
news a month ago but during the month
several things have happened some
things that have confirmed it and others that
have denied it a thing happened with the
issue of the bracelet And it is that they
shared some red bracelets that they had
bought And well, each one
wore their own and it was seen that they were no longer
wearing that bracelet that was caught both
in some Instagram stories of Olga
and Agustín it was seen that they were
no longer wearing the bracelet then it turns out that  They
said exclusively to people from Seville
now I'm going to explain the context
because of course there could be a context and
you could see several interpretations
first of all for me According to me what they
tell me if what they tell me were true
of course it has to be made very
clear that the reason for the break up is not
Antonio David that he stays with Antonio
habitual well let's see is that in the end
they have a lot in common and in fact
I think they have enough in common so
that they have to
know about each other no longer see each other but
know about each other for the rest of their
lives whether they are together or not together okay
but the reason for the crisis is not
Antonio David nor is it the reason
I think it goes from what I've been
gathering that maybe Agustín Well he would
n't be so happy about having to go
down to Seville to Malaga I don't know
what but yes I would dare to
say that the photo of Antonio David with
the cast that appeared in the magazine
was soon a trigger or a pull on the ear
so that Agustín would be more motivated to go
down to Seville to see Olga Why
Because the photo came out on Monday or Tuesday and
On Friday, Agustín was in Seville with
Olga Moreno and with friends who
told me and so on, okay, what we have
right now on the table is the
following okay, this is
Olga Moreno's Instagram less than 24 hours ago Yesterday
afternoon management Agustín etien
contact Agustín @ etien currently p
very few hours ago Olga removes her bio
from Instagram and removes Agustín from here
also there is something else that we have not yet
determined Who the injured party is
But if you look here 2 28 and here 2 29 there is
a person that Olga Moreno has
unfollowed in the last few hours and it
is not Agustín because she has not
unfollowed Agustín at any time we do not
know Who Olga has unfollowed
on Agustín's Instagram well what do we
have he has unfollowed
Olga and has removed all the photos that she
had and all the reels that she had with
her Look, you see this one and this one and this one you see
the three reels Well, he has removed them, those
reels are no longer there, that is no longer there, he has
removed them and he has never  removed the
posts that he has with Arancha de
Benito, that is, Agustín Etién suddenly
This is what I want you all to have all the
information because now I'm going to give you
my opinion and when I give you my opinion you're
going to understand it with all the data
So I want you to be like super
aware of all the information that is being
given to you and that you have to take into account
so that what happens to you doesn't happen to you like other people and they
deny what shouldn't be denied Okay and it
catches you more awake Agustín Etién
never removes his photos
and videos with Arancha de Benito after the separation who is
a person very much from her past However,
with Olga one afternoon he gets heated and
Olga Moreno stops following her, not him Olga
Moreno removes him from the setup and he stops
following her let's see later Olga has posted this
story says This is really lucky that
people have also interpreted it as
something of a snub I wouldn't understand this
as a snub no I mean this is really lucky it
has the swell in the background it's in Malaga and
then people have also interpreted it
as a  gosh the fact that today he's
promoting Pitingo's concert to see
his friend it doesn't matter that Pitingo is also
Antonio David's friend and now we're
going to see the video of the cuern well it
's the Instagram account that
published that photograph today of Agustín
Javi go to Malaga to investigate Hey do you think
if I send a WhatsApp to Olga she'll
answer me why is it why am I
going to send her n if she's going to
tell me whatever she wants I didn't do it a
month ago I didn't see any account that does it now
This video that cuern uploaded on her
Instagram account is very good because it
collects all the information Comment in
chronological order let's see the video
of the cuern but apart from that in the video of the
cuern we are going to add the
information that
we have been discussing that maybe she or he the
person who runs this account doesn't
discuss it okay pay attention to the chronological order
because all the information is important
and based on all the information we are going to
give our opinion let it be
very clear our opinion very strong what You're
going to see how  go the l Mimi Marta
is going to explode well I don't know if Marta is going to
explode for good or bad if she is going to
tell or not she is going to tell or whatever pay
attention to the information okay But how are
those likes going please we send a
WhatsApp to Olga shameless no I don't have
it written the
WhatsApp let's see the video at the end
of August Olga Moreno threw a dart
at her ex when she said these words about
her current boyfriend Agustín etiem I
can now say that I am with a man who
respects me and gives me my place headline that
by the way has to be said
everything has to be said let's see headline then you
read the interview and as such it was not like that I mean
these were not
literal words yes it is true that the
magazine Semana took a little bit there the
headline made lace and
taking advantage of the fact that the pisuerga was passing through
Valladoli they adjusted it but I think that
basically on the one hand Olga said that she
was getting divorced and on the other
hand she said that she was very happy with
Agustín and that well She was very happy she
can say that she is with him but that  It
wasn't, let me give you my opinion on
this cover, I already gave it at the time, okay,
not only the cover but the
interview, that is, a theory that is
crossing my mind, the
other one with Olga's cover has hit her,
the sasca Antonio David and now Antonio
David with this is hitting on
the other one, do you understand me? Now I can
say that I'm with a man who
respects me and gives me my place, stab,
stab, stab, it sucks. Well, that's what
there is, the content of the interview,
okay, also, she said that she had started the
divorce process with Antonio David
Flores and from the interview she gave it could be
deduced that there was not a very good relationship
between them, let's remember the words of
the interview, okay, now I enjoy a
lot of peace and quiet,
Olga assures the interview with her, week after
a complicated year, it was her top
priority in my life, a lot of
things have happened, I have closed my store, I have started the
divorce process, keep
this too, eh, I have closed my store, no, there is no
income, I am paying rent, listen
to me, there is no income, people do not
eat off air, in my life,
a lot of things have happened, I have closed my  store I have
started a divorce process has
revealed tat ta has
clearly acknowledged that she does not want to remain legally united with her
ex under any circumstances well
according to what they tell me and I
repeat it three times to make it very
clear because he tells me Oh why do you repeat
the phrase three times because it feels like it
Conchi according to what they
tell me there is no
divorce procedure as of today there is no divorce procedure
as
of today this cover is shared by Olga on
her Instagram so in some way she
proves it and if not she proves it Well, let's
see how the
business works No to magazines and such And well,
then there is No but this cover is
shared by Olga on her Instagram with the
headline and with everything as of today there is no
divorce process but there
is a headline that is a host for
Antonio David
Flores a magazine obtained by
Agustín and
has me you this Now you add it to
a photograph where Antonio av is with
the casts they are recent photographs
in which there is a good vibe between them
that you [ __ ] and there are glances  of
complicity to me forgive me but I'm going to
give the first information here based on
my opinion
okay to me This makes me understand I don't know if
you'll agree with me that here it was not
proven with that cover that there was any
bad vibes between Olga and Antonio David what this makes
me understand here
is that the bad vibes are between Antonio
David and Agustín
Etién and this cover and this interview
Well, it's in some way a joke from
Agustín Etién to Antonio
David opinion eh my opinion That's why
then Antonio David can be seen in
a photo in which he is
nicer than her but that's
my opinion eh to return the joke you
know But that's my opinion
eh that's my opinion I think that
the photos at the Quirón Malaga hospital I think that
that one, I mean I don't know the truth is
that I think it's very convenient that they
take photographs of people
that the press is not chasing at
that moment So for me
personal opinion based on this information is
that Agustín and Antonio David are the ones who
have the bad  roll and they start hitting each
other but it's just my opinion eh I'm
so happy that I can't believe
this moment really came See you later See
you nuni it's over end of end of now but a
week later I mean these images
have a date that can be verified the
date and time of these images
can be verified Why Because as I already
said yesterday also when we were
talking about the subject of the heir of
Denmark No as I already said yesterday also
today's machines like
cell phones have micro microdata I think they're
called not metadata no anyway you do
have microdata look lasne you
really have me fried today eh They are
little things that you when you transfer the photos or
from the cell phone to the computer or from the
camera to the computer you go into
property and everything comes out they give you the
exact times they give you the exact dates
and I think even the location If you
have it activated then a week
after the magazine they are there in good
vibes everything that Javi is saying will be
confirmed in a few days But
nothing happens when I said it at the time it was a
lie and true Now well anyway
sign that there was no bad vibes Between
her and Antonio David since  12:00 something
at night Until 3:00 in the morning when
the horn left they were together
these images belong to a week
after the cover and they take place
from 12:00 at night Until 3:00 in
the morning this does not mean that they are going to come
back or anything like that or I mean eh Let's
see but it is not a let's see [ __ ] it's not
like for example what I thought
was good let's see I think that the photo
was a little forced or prepared the
photo that they took in the Ronda
Argentina this is the photo the photo that was
posted soon okay I think that that photo
I think it was prepared or someone
knew that the photo had to be taken there
and such And it's a joke by Antonio David
to tease the other I don't
know but those photos during the day could have been
perfectly that they had to see each other
for something because they have things in common and they
have one thing for life that is the
most important thing in the world that is in
common you know what I mean So [ __ ] what's
better than to get along well than bad in the end
those things the good for everyone is that they
get along very well the best  possibly what's
going on man well having a drink
between 12 and 3 in the morning is
something else let's see I'm not going to
tell you it's a drag but at least it's
a very good friendship so my
conclusion is the bad vibes aren't with Olga
with Antonio David it's with Agustín et ién
with Antonio
David let's see we're talking for
three hours at night quillo man Let's
see you can talk on the phone on
WhatsApp good vibes Also apart from the fact that
there's not a lot of complicity damn they get
along very well there's been a
dramatic turn of events this
What is it What are you playing at Are you going to get
back together I don't know these images are of
complicity I don't know if they're with more
friends I don't know if the people
around are more friends but let's see
Well I didn't care It's that I told myself I
think the bad vibes are between Antonio
David and Agustín and they have and I thought about it at the
time of the images suddenly and I
thought about it I said this is a sarcasm back from
Antonio David to the other one or maybe not maybe
Antonio David doesn't know And is there
someone some friend who has
betrayed and took the photo I don't know it
's my opinion anyway eh one
thing is my opinion it's my opinion which are
the opinions that I'm expressing and
then there are the objective data which are that they have
stopped following each other that they have
deleted images on Instagram so
that the day after this the
following happens pay attention I don't know what's going to happen
[Music]
Olga Moreno uploads a story that
day with that dress Where is my [ __ ]
ch who said it wasn't Olga according to They
tell me probably this you'll see you I ca
n't prove it these are data that they give me
okay But well probably the same
day that they see each other Antonio David invites her to have a drink
probably well let's see they
are drinking it damn things as they are no
Where there was fire there is always ashes
Where there was fire
ashes the stories that Antonio
David uploaded the next day we read them the
next day Antonio David uploaded these
stories this is written by Antonio David
okay a photo he is on the beach
looking at the waves taking in the cool air
eating some sunflower seeds I hope he picked up
the shells and says look carefully at this
photo we comment on these stories eh
these stories  we comment
everyone eh In the next one I'll explain it to you And
what's in the photo well nothing for a
man there surfing if I
do that I'll break my teeth sun I
have to say it okay hashtag things are coming
attention scriptwriters there we have
the story of Antony David okay last night
I lived
a moment that leads me to this reflection
last night I lived a moment that leads me to
this
reflection last night when I was having a
drink with Olga last night I lived a moment
that leads me to this reflection when I was
having a drink with Olga with the
flower dress and what better
example than to accompany it with a photo let's
listen to the gentleman's reflection
there are two types of surfers those who
need a paddle to take the waves
of their life and mistakenly believe that they
should be grateful for life
and those who don't take the
wave [ __ ] I got it Antonia I
got it I got it kid I got it I got it
kid there are two types of surfers
we understand that some are good and
others are bad But there are two types
of surfers those who need  of an Oar
to take the waves of life
Antonia Vi's Oar has been Marta
Riesco and Olga Moreno's Oar has been
there,
both oars have supported each other at their
time, one and the
other those oars I sometimes call it a
crutch, not that they have helped both to navigate,
one and the other they
mistakenly think that they should be
grateful to him for life Antonio David
throws away the Oar because that Oar doesn't
work but Olga Moreno doesn't want to
throw away her Oar because that Oar
somehow makes her feel indebted
to
it
And how she wants to convince Antonio David
that he already said in a live show like Antonio
David wants to win back Olga and
convince her that she has to get back on
the wave of life where
Antonio David Flores sails, leave the Oar that he
doesn't owe anything to that Oar and Sail on
his
wave there is a clip of Antonio David on the
same date that he is telling you and
Ah that clip now that we know that clip
now that we have all the information and we
know the dress that Olga was wearing that
day tell me if not  it fits with
this there is a clip of Antonio David Flores
from the same date where looking at the
camera he says that he regrets the
last 3 years of his life I don't know if it
was
fate I don't know how it
happened Oh tell me if you want
statements by Antonio David Flores on
his YouTube channel in August I want to
tell you that I have also made mistakes
that I am not perfect I have made mistakes or
the biggest mistakes of my life in
these last three years but life
is for that to learn from
mistakes grow personally And if you have
health to be able to correct them Well there you would
have it not the alone ones to surf
come in sequences of time they are
cyclical like the opportunities in
life I am one of those who prefer to hold on
to the board in parentheses the family will
never sink the Oar could be
anyone and it sinks and the worst thing is that
you can sink with it translation for
me Olga let's give ourselves another chance Get on that
wave and throw the Oar to
hell translation for me eh I could be
wrong Eh I could be wrong eh
translation for me that I could be
wrong and I can  be interpreting
wrong eh There is data here that is objective
and other that is not so much despite
that you are listening to
that what happened that [ __ ] [ __ ] [ __ ]
I [ __ ] on the [ __ ] [ __ ] I [ __ ] on
10 quiet quiet quiet
quiet [ __ ] [ __ ] stop stop stop
Marta's tremors riesco watching
this live and preparing the response and
I [ __ ] just had something eh I just had
something AC Hey Calm down
Marta and tomorrow give us your content
okay this weekend I was thinking of
resting a little Calm down Marta
despite this how Olga was still with
Agustín they shared posts together and such I just
don't understand anything I don't understand
anything Olga Moreno and Agustín have broken up and he
was the one who stopped following
her so he seems to be the most hurt in
this sense hence the unfollow
go [ __ ] yourself See
you later May life go well I don't wish you
[Music]
bad
tarar they delete the videos and the posts they
have together they delete the r this  we have
seen it before do you think the breakup has to
do with Antonio David and that they
could be getting back together or
considering the reflection that
Antonio David posted just after that
meeting with Olga makes me think that something is
going on but what do you think Well I'm going to
say what I think I'll tell you the
situation for me the crux of the matter
Well I don't even think that Antonio David
really wants to win her back I think that
on some occasion maybe he remembers
her and gives him a little kick or
whatever but from there to wanting to
win her back m I don't know the truth is that
Olga Moreno would get back with her I think
that no way and Olga Moreno would not
get back with him either but look at how
things are no we were talking
before they were denying me a
month ago they denied me again simply out
of hate and envy a couple of
weeks ago all the media all the
twitterers And now it turns out to be that now it
is true no Well precisely I
think that the occasion in which it is not
true is now I think that now for the
moment Olga has  arranged with Agustín
I think it's not a forever couple
eh I think at any moment the
breakup will be confirmed now I'm not telling you to
get back with Antonio David or not because I do
n't know that but I'm going to explain one
thing to you the fact that there is a crisis or that there was one
I do think so That's why I
said it a month ago now it's being
confirmed when you have a crisis
with someone and you are a public figure the
most logical thing is that you don't want to make
noise in the media, I mean if you really
want to apply the story that oh I
never talk, I never talk about my life, I
never tell, I don't know what I never get into
these things it's a lie Olga has said that a
lot of times but yes she does get into it in
fact she does it with an exclusive okay I mean
yes she does get into it if you don't want to
make noise and draw attention what you
do is discretion there are many times maybe I
have people on
Instagram and on Twitter that I don't feel like
having because I don't feel like seeing things that are
posted and there are many times maybe I have
n't stopped following someone or
that I haven't given a like to a tweet or
whatever precisely because I know look at you
on a much smaller scale that any
movement of mine has a lot of repercussions
then The more these people who are
characters So the fact that
Agustín and Olga have made these
movements each one on their
Instagram account is on purpose so that
people talk if you don't want
people to talk you don't make any
movement you break up with him and you don't
say anything or stop following him or
change the gear or anything you stay still
so that no one talks so that no one
speculates so that no one says anything
that on the same day one stops following the
other deletes the photo as if they were
teenagers I fight and delete the photo
from Instagram why the [ __ ] do you delete the
photos from Instagram it's been your life
that week and that's it you don't upload more photos
with her and that's it but what do you have 12 years
removing the photo with the little friend that
you had an argument with you are not removing it so that
people comment on it she removes the
gear the other removes the photo and the other
unfollows her but I don't know what but I don't know
how much Where is the kit  for me eh I
mean for me yes there is a crisis eh the
crisis has been going on for a month the breakup is going to be
confirmed at some point I don't know if it will be
in a week, two weeks or
a month I have that and I said it for
a month I have that and I
said it for a month now
this little media game of I follow you, I do
n't follow you I don't know what I don't know how much The
answer is Clara
elma from the party Oy esc queu on to
the next reality show let's go Jun
sipre tele is working on a new edition
of GH Dúo for
January Olga Moreno and Agustín's crisis for
a month now
teenagers and nonsense on
social networks so that people talk the day
after this news comes out on Formula TV
Now you go and break it Now you go
and
break it